Yaoyao
Is something wrong?
What did I say?
Some people don't have the ability to do it here
Now that something happens to your hospital, I see how to deal with it.
Dean
Dr. Law
Sorry.
I derelict my duty and don't trust your medical skills
I apologize to you now.
I also want you to thank the dean
You check your name and shut up
I saw it all in there
The surgery was a great success.
The patient is all right now.
Just waiting to rest
That's not right, Dean
He is obviously one
An unknown doctor
I'm Dr. Turtle Poisonous
Dean, you have to see clearly, come on
Kick them both out of the hospital?
Good Morning
I'm going to pass them all over the industry
I'd like to see who dares to use them in the future
Parent Dean Li
I was wrong, please give me another chance.
Parents Li
Uncle, I'm still young
We all blew up. What will my wife do in the future?
You go down and wait.
I remember there was a bet just now
Let go
Master, master, I was wrong.
Please, just give me one more chance!
Call me not your master
Master, master, I was wrong.
Please tell the dean
I was wrong. Please give me another chance.
A doctor's primary responsibility is to save lives
I can't help him.
This is the dean
dean
Dean, my master, behind me Dean, master, dean
Brother Yang
Master?
Congratulations to Dr. Law
Your surgery was a success
I'm going to apply to the above to promote you to chief of surgery
Thank you Dean hahahaha